Reorganizing and improving doc for search (#4598)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/customize_observability.adoc

** Recording rules provide you the ability to precalculate, or computate expensive expressions as needed. The results are saved as a new set of time series.
** Alerting rules provide you the ability to specify the alert conditions based on how an alert should be sent to an external service.

> Define custom rules with Prometheus to create alert conditions, and send notifications to an external messaging service. *Note:* When you update your custom rules, `observability-thanos-rule` pods are restarted automatically.

Reviewer: New line for the note?

Author: Updated alignment and moved note to a new line

> Define custom rules with Prometheus to create alert conditions, and send notifications to an external messaging service. *Note:* When you update your custom rules, `observability-thanos-rule` pods are restarted automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define custom rules with Prometheus to create alert conditions, and send notifications to an external messaging service. 

*Note:* When you update your custom rules, `observability-thanos-rule` pods are restarted automatically.
```

Author: updated

          expr: sum(container_memory_cache{pod!=""}) BY (pod, container)
----
+

> *Note:* If this is the first new custom rule, it is created immediately. For changes to the ConfigMap, the configuration is automatically reloaded. The configuration is reloaded due to the `config-reload` within the `observability-thanos-ruler` sidecar.

Reviewer: ...reloaded because of the `config-reload`...

Author: accepted suggestion

> *Note:* If this is the first new custom rule, it is created immediately. For changes to the ConfigMap, the configuration is automatically reloaded. The configuration is reloaded due to the `config-reload` within the `observability-thanos-ruler` sidecar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* If this is the first new custom rule, it is created immediately. For changes to the ConfigMap, the configuration is automatically reloaded. The configuration is reloaded because of the `config-reload` within the `observability-thanos-ruler` sidecar.
```
